# Mobile-Dev-1-FinalProject
Introducing new cooking recipe app! With hundreds of delicious dishes to choose from, user will never run out of ideas for your next meal. The app contains three main activities, starting with the home page where user can scroll down to see an endless list of dishes, each one accompanied by mouth-watering images. Using the drop-down menu, user can easily filter the dishes by meal type such as breakfast, lunch, dinner, drinks, soup, and more.

If user not in the mood for something specific, user can use the search menu to find dishes related to keywords such as Asian, beef, chicken, and more. Once user has found a dish that catches eye, simply  require clicking on the image to be taken to another activity page where details will be displayed on how to make the meal. User also see similar dish images below, giving user even more ideas for your next culinary adventure.

And if user is feeling a bit lazy and want to order food online, no problem! There's a button on the page that will take user to the official Wolt website where user can place order. 
The objective of designing and developing the Recipe App is to offer a user-friendly and intuitive experience to its users. This goal has been attained by incorporating the following characteristics. This app data was fatched with API from sppoonacular.com. The application comprises several screens (Activities) enabling smooth navigation between them. The primary screen presents various meal pictures categories accessible, whereas the second screen exhibits the food deatials and third acitivity page does the same thing upon onCllick on food image.
The app guarantees that the user's activity information is preserved throughout the activity's life cycle. This means that if the user rotates their device or leaves and then returns to the app, the information that the user entered is still saved.The app guarantees that the user's activity information is preserved throughout the activity's life cycle. This means that if the user rotates their device or leaves and then returns to the app, the information that the user entered is still saved.
The Recipe App stands out by using implicit intents that allow for a smooth user experience. One example of this is the "Order Online " button which permits users to leave main acitivity and go to wollt page to order food and return to app without losing data. These functionalities contribute to the app's user-friendly experience.
